add invokable stripRequest to docs (#360)
Laravel-Backpack/docs: 5.x/upgrade-guide.md

- kept the default behaviour; if `strippedRequest` is undefined or false, Backpack will strip all inputs that don't have fields, which we consider is the safest approach;

**If in your `config/backpack/operations/create.php` or `config/backpack/operations/update.php` you've copied `saveAllInputsExcept` as `null` or `false`, you don't have to do anything.**

However, **if you have an array for your `saveAllInputsExcept`**, you can now achieve the same thing by stripping the request yourself in an invokable class. Basically you first create the invokable class and then add it into the config:
```php
<?php

namespace App\Http\Requests;

use Illuminate\Http\Request;

class StripBackpackRequest
{
    public function __invoke(Request $request)
    {
        return $request->except('_token', '_method', '_http_referrer', '_current_tab', '_save_action');
    }
}
```
```diff
-    'saveAllInputsExcept' => ['_token', '_method', 'http_referrer', 'current_tab', 'save_action'],
+    'strippedRequest' => '\App\Http\Requests\StripBackpackRequest',
+    }),
```

> But you can also do a lot more, because you have the `$request` in that class. See examples here: https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/5.x/crud-how-to#add-non-editable-input-inside-create-or-update-operation-stripped-request

Reviewer: We never want to show a full URL in the docs - that's ugly (1) and takes up too much space (2) which breaks the visual hierarchy - then the most obvious thing in that section is the big ass URL, which it shouldn't be, since that's just a sidenote. 

Always use hyperlinks please.

```suggestion
But you can also do a lot more, because you have the `$request` in that class. You can see [an example here]( https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/5.x/crud-how-to#add-non-editable-input-inside-create-or-update-operation-stripped-request).
```
